was one of your resolutions this year to
order less take out hello freshens
everything you need to get dinner on the
table no meal planning all deliciousness
get 16 free meals plus three gifts with
codeface16 at hellofresh.com
face 16.
[Music]
hello and welcome to the spanky dandy
old men can't say bro let's not argue
about the moon landing podcast my name
is jeff ramsey welcome
to you the audience your name is
whatever the [__] it is also with me uh
andrew and gavin this is episode 91.
that came through my speakers for some
reason did it how how else do you get it
spanky danky is his name spanky danky so
i was directionally correct i was close
spanky danky what you get there audience
uh in that intro and also gavin because
of course he wasn't here that is a recap
of this episode's pleasantries couldn't
bring you along for the pleasantries but
wanted to give you a little nugget of
what it was because it was a wild ride
for the seven minutes i was involved and
it had already been going for a bit so
when did the pleasantries start with
andrew like 20 minutes ago no i sh well
listen i showed up 15 minutes to go
everybody else showed up 10 minutes i'd
say okay i showed up maybe they they
were going when i when i clicked in
there there was a laughter and nick was
like this is already off the rails and
based on last week's pleasantries i
decided not to attend this week's
pleasantries
on the grounds that they're worthless
you missed a lot we heard about two old
men who tried to one-up each other in a
walmart about whether they were both
directly involved with either the moon
landing or the covering up of the moon
landing we learned about spanky dandy
the hottest new opera
what about this gavin next
next time we record whatever that is
i will not show up until one and you can
show up 10 minutes early and you can
have the pleasantries experience why
don't we just all turn up at the same
time and record it all for the audience
to listen to all of because the
pleasantries are a great part that i
hate the message they really love you uh
gav you came up in the pleasantries we
told we regaled your bob vila gogurt
experience oh yeah we talked about that
a bit we discovered that the venn
diagram of people who make a logan's run
reference and say bro is me
[Laughter]
we serve a jam-packed seven minutes i'll
be honest this week's pleasantries
sounded better than last week uh well we
just i think the problem is when you get
here we just end up starting the show so
there are no pleasantries it just
immediately goes in so that's why it's
offering so what you're saying is it's
physically impossible for me to attend
pleasantries if i'm the last to join i
think the last person who joins whoever
that is doesn't get to partake in the
place all right so next week you're out
so i'm out
i'm willing to step out for pleasantries
and i welcome you to get in 10 minutes
early i agree with nick there was less
pressure on these pleasantries this week
last week there's a lot of pleasantry
pressure that's a good point i think you
just need to naturally show my power
might go off yeah you were you having a
rough day huh buddy yeah got booted from
a gta video i was in earlier because
we're powering off and uh could happen
again today oh well it's still today i
mean now we're in the midst of another
uh snowstorm in austin so the entire
state has shut down things are flying on
my house though bit warmer this year
though yeah well last time was a
historic cold right yeah it's only minus
three today which is definitely enough
to grind the whole of texas to a halt
but last year it was like minus 16 or
something yeah it was pretty sucky it's
gonna continue to get colder though it's
going to be even colder tomorrow right
here wow
nick said is this is this gavin's print
the law episode uh too soon to tell but
quite possibly quite possibly do you
have a generator gavin uh i've got
batteries well what does that mean what
i got [__] batteries i don't know
what that means what do you mean
your batteries explode
jeff has batteries
yeah i'm not talking about just double a
i've got like large
block like camping batteries
garage is full of ac delco car batteries
just in case
i got all these double i got a million
[__] double eyes i'm ready it's like
having a generator but it doesn't last
as long but i don't have to put petrol
in it that's fair what do you okay so
let's say you lose power and you got to
use what's the first item that's getting
hooked up is it the fridge
what are you protecting the internet
that's number one for you how many of
the batteries do you have what are we
working with here eight eight okay
that's pretty good i don't i use them
for like filming in the quarry typically
but uh comes in handy when all the
power's off well i mean i just turn on
the internet we like rash in the
internet mainly because it's nice to you
know hear updates about the world and uh
yes maybe quickly grab some content to
watch with dinner for your crippling
porn addiction right uh yeah
i can't imagine like
pre-downloading why is it like the two
thousands
that would be really extreme
not like i i need i need to pleasure
myself now but i'm gonna do it later
imagine scheduling that
i'm not i'm not horny now but i'll get
it down
in case of horny break glass
i did not think that throwaway joke was
gonna was gonna result in so much funny
that's awesome kevin i don't i don't
remember if we talked about it in a
recording or if it was outside of the
fact but gavin shared his battery
holder thing at some point where it's
like
i'm just imagining that for like porn
hard drives like categorized he's got
different things
i love the idea of just he's putting on
a little usb stick a few porn videos
that you've never seen before that you
know that you need offline
in case your raid goes down
i like the idea of you having to pick
between like porn or your fridge like
you've got one more battery
i think i'm gonna do that i think i'm
gonna cut a little hole in my wall and
put in like a emergency pawn glass
well wait what if you get one of those
fridges that have like a screen in the
front you could be a double threat you
could just throw your porn i don't know
the front of the fridge wanking while
you're facing your fridge is a bit weird
in the middle of the kitchen yeah i
think having a [__] porn stash in
case that a storm takes out your power
is
beyond the realm of like normalcy i mean
that's just an area where the digital
world has kind of screwed us because you
know back in the day people would resort
to magazines which are available offline
yeah yeah or vhs can i can i get a porn
mag at a store like i don't think this
playboy stop publishing right they don't
make magazines anymore
i think that they started again maybe
but there are other porn companies that
still make magazines i believe it's such
an interesting line of thought of being
like i'm horny i got to go to the
7-eleven dude it used to be imagine if
you were like i wanna i wanna i don't
wanna look at a picture of people [__]
but i would like to watch a video of it
you had to go to the other side of town
to a disgusting dark building and then
stare at the ground for 20 minutes while
you try to find your flavor of porn in a
porn theater
knowing in the back there were dudes
beaten off in little cubicles the world
has changed for the better rapidly i
don't understand those theaters though
like people would go in and not wank is
that the point of them what do you mean
like it was always a big deal when
people got caught monkeying off in a
attacking like herman yeah we were
talking about i didn't want to do it
yeah he was in another
theater and i also think that that
turned out to be sort of he sort of got
[__] over by that like that turned out
not to be like that turned out to be
misreported in some way i believe oh was
it like a richard gere gerbil situation
no i think there was something to it but
i think i i don't know i don't know the
story but i think it wasn't as nefarious
as it seemed however what's his face
from uh from all the christopher guest
movies i think his was legit who who is
that fred willard oh
r.i.p yeah he's great did he have one of
those yeah he got busted jacking off in
a theater like in his 70s
[Laughter]
this is kind of funny depending on the
context
yeah i guess it really depends on the
theater or what was playing for my my
level of okay with it the weirdest thing
is it was it was uh a mighty wind he was
jacking off
he saw bob balaban whoever his name is
i agree i don't i don't know i don't
know what the point it's just like a
weird thing to people would you think
people have recorded like bootleg
you imagine like bootleg theater porn as
opposed to like when people would like
illegally film movies have you ever
watched somebody illegally film
something in a movie theater before no
no i remember one time i was at the show
and it was like i don't remember what
the movie was but it had been out a long
time and it was just me and this one guy
in the theater and he pulled out a
[__] tripod and he put a camera on a
tripod at the back of the theater
this guy's wild
did he get cool no i don't i think he i
don't know what he was there for he left
like shortly after but he he pulled a
tripod out and i was like this is
[__] ridiculous like the level of
confidence what if he just had one of
those what are those things that people
put on tripods to see if they're like
architect people they have like levels
on them and stuff they're levels
survey equipment yeah yeah i just see
them all the time i just i have no idea
what they're doing ever i don't know
it's possible he worked for the theater
i don't even remember if he i saw a
camera but he had a tripod and i just
thought this is ridiculou like to bring
in the confidence of bringing in a
tripod is impressive to me i love that
level of not caring the world has
changed a lot since those days it has
i'd like to see somebody in there with a
boom mic
i mean isn't this essentially an entire
episode of seinfeld when kramer got
caught up in uh pirating movies and is
it uh it was death blow was the movie
they were trying to that's a great fake
movie name death blow yeah yeah what's
the one in twilight that's another great
fake move it's like killer punch did you
hear that someone said someone texted
what the [__] was that
jesus christ that's awesome have we
talked have you talked about what's
what's happened to you andrew uh what
what well what do you mean in the
pleasantries
in the last week
yeah well i mean that was a strange
pivot because i felt like you were
talking about the text thing which i
definitely have talked about well yeah
we already talked about that what we
haven't talked about is how you're
basically disabled this week no well you
know what the worst part of that whole
experience is is that there's nothing
all that entertaining about anything
that happened i was genuinely mad that
well i had to go to the hospital
unexpectedly because i had a foot issue
and typically my ankle but things heal
in about a week and it was not healing
so i was like i think i need to finally
get this checked out so i did the
problem is i live up like the the most
ridiculous
staircase setup
and i couldn't go ahead as you can see i
feel like gavin and i were very
supportive of you in that moment
throwing out lots of options for ways to
get down the stairs
i don't remember if gavin made a
suggestion jeff suggested i sled down it
like jackass cause you sent us a picture
of a flight of stairs and then you said
something like i have to do that four
times yes
it's a lot
it's a lot of stairs so i wheeled out i
called an ambulance that came and they
they evaluated i explained the situation
i think the funniest part of that well
there are two parts of it that were
funny one uh i've been reluctant i think
it's partially like an anxiety thing of
not wanting to get checked out and also
feeling like i'm not like dying i don't
think so i'm fine it heals in a week
like whatever no big deal so when we're
going over like all the different things
the guy's like are you taking any advil
or tylenol or whatever and i was like
yeah i'm taking quite a bit right now
the manager
yeah and he's like well are you do you
have any side effects from that and i'm
like no you know what my stomach has
been burning a little bit uh because of
it and i know that could be a byproduct
of using those in large large quantities
but outside of that i'm doing pretty
good he's like any [__] or anything any
[__] in your blood great slum andrew any
blood
he asked any blood in your [__]
essentially and i was like no i'm good
there no problems there and he's like oh
okay good cause if that if you had that
that's when you really want to get
checked out i was just quietly like [__]
like yep i was freaking out last night
so we get through that and then uh
they're like okay we've looked at your
foot we have this these issues with it
they're like we think you should get
checked out i think it would make sense
for us to take you to the hospital we're
gonna do that now we just need to figure
out like the best way to accomplish this
because you can't walk at all and your
stairs are ridiculously narrow and long
and twisty so that in your house at this
point they're in my house yeah it's two
guys how hard was it for them to find
your house did they have to follow the
mcdonald's guy they had to yeah
they had to call the mcdonald's guy they
had to be waived out as a whole ordeal
but they get there and they're like
we're gonna need to call we're gonna
call the fire department essentially to
like figure out get more muscle they
have other tools we'll collaborate we'll
get this we'll figure out a way for you
to go down i was like okay cool so they
do that and then like 10 minutes later
there's seven firefighters on my
stairwell all looking up it's like a
team huddle and they're just going back
and forth on what what the plan should
be i'm just listening
and before any of this happened i
thought should i just because everything
else is fine i thought should i just
slide down the stairs
and then just wait at the bottom and
that would i could i think i could
accomplish this yeah like a little butt
shimmy like a little button like a dog
doing a butt shimmy across all my stairs
that's like i think i could accomplish
this and but i thought i'll wait and
i'll hear their opinions i don't know
what options they have so there's like
nine people at this point
and they came to the conclusion that the
easiest way for me to do this would be
is if i just slid down the stairs so i
have
seven jacked firefighters all around me
just watching they turned into like just
a peanut gallery they just were like
there for moral support at that point so
i asked jimmy down my stairs and then
they'd grab my my desk chair put it
behind me i'd sit and then i'd push
myself in the chair to the next set of
stairs
and then i just did that all the way
down to the front door to get in the in
the bed i like that that was the result
of their huddle like they're like that
was yeah
do you realize that you just lived out
every lonely bored housewives fantasy to
slide down carpeted stairs into the
waiting arms of seven firefighters i
just thought the idea was somewhere else
in canada they're like
freaking restaurants on fire though
you have to wait we got everyone
deployed to us
to a guy with a swollen ankle we got a
stair slide situation yeah we got a
stair slide they were just all they did
was say good job and also like
did it sound patronizing or like support
no it seemed genuine there was a lot of
good jobs and like oh you should take a
minute to take your breath like it was a
lot of trying to make it i'm good i'm
fine we're just going to do this so then
i i accomplished that
oh yeah it was and then it was a noise
but it was funny but then you had to do
it in reverse i assume when you came
home no well that was
that was the thing i was like well how
am i gonna i'm not really sure what the
game plan is for getting back up and uh
i just was on
so many with the whole thing the whole
exiting process wasn't the best where
i they did x-rays and blood work and all
this stuff and then they gave me what
they believe was the issue with it and
they gave me a bunch of
pain pills for it essentially
and uh the person's like hey can you can
you walk and i was like i don't think so
but i don't know i haven't tried in like
four or five hours and they're like okay
well do you own they didn't offer me
anything they weren't like we have
crutches or a wheelchair they're like do
you own any of that stuff and i was like
not really no
they're like well can you walk and i was
like i don't think so and they're like
cool we'll come back in like 15 minutes
to try to figure this out
and uh they never came back so i just
slowly limped out of my room
uh with i didn't my foot was too swollen
to put on my shoes so i'm barefoot just
slowly staggering through the hospital
by myself and then just go out the door
and hop in a car
and get taken home and then i just
walked up all the stairs just very
slowly using the railing are you wearing
regulation andrew panton shorts this
whole time i had been wearing regulation
underwear for like the past six days
well not even some so you weren't even
in shorts no i was going full winnie
that i was winnie the pooh in it for a
lot of the days
all right and then no i put on shorts uh
for for the train so you didn't know
in your shuffles down the street i did
not
[Laughter]
we
hey can i ask you guys a question yeah
of course i was listening to the episode
that just came out which you know i make
a practice of not doing but for some
reason well honestly
it's because i can't i this [__]
covet dude it's driving me nuts i can't
go anywhere i can't do anything i'm so
[__] bored so uh i was listening i i
got so miserable that i decided to
listen to our content which was face
stadium jingle jingle jingle
yes
what the f did we ever answer what the
jingle jingle jingle mystery is did we
cover that
we have it but i i don't know i kind of
want to see you you said it in two
episodes and so this this would be the
third you know what it's funny jeff is
we have done zero in the history of
these and this entire podcast we have
never done any show prep together as a
group or exchange notes and what we want
to talk about and i attempt it once and
i feel like i got [__] on by you for it
in the episode
i got made by you i was definitely
making fun of your process it was
ridiculous but i still loved it what do
you mean it was ridiculous i was writing
notes to like to try to distribute like
this many
album [__] tracks and stuff it was
great i loved it i absolutely loved it
i'm saying that i tried to do prep for
one time and i got [__] on for it so i
don't need to bring up the jingle jingle
because i didn't it's not needed
apparently we're not going to do that no
show prep but
i want to hear people's predictions i
have no idea what just happened
three episodes ago you said i'm gonna
tell you what it is in two because
no because that was under the assumption
that we're recording 12 episodes in four
days which is what i was under so i
thought this is the first time we need
to
and people seem to be interested in the
jingle jingle jingle thing right and i
also talked to you about the jingle
jingle jingle thing and discussing it
and the timing and discussing it i don't
remember yeah clearly clearly you don't
remember do you telling me i know the
answer to the jingle jingle jingle
mystery you know
no he doesn't you didn't say that in
front of him no i didn't tell him what
what the answer to the mystery is but i
told you when we should talk about it
and why we should talk about that and
you agreed and then you just said nope
and just flush that information away no
i don't remember that part of it i don't
know you were not there for that gavin
oh it was during the pre-show that we
always do we prepare our where we
prepare our bits i'm pretty sure it was
a slack conversation between you and i i
don't know i just want to know i i'm
right there with the audience wondering
what the [__] it is i just want to make
are you going to address it someday
absolutely okay i don't care when as
long as it doesn't get dropped no it
will never get dropped i just i'd i'd
like to see a week of people predicting
i think you're blue ball in the audience
because they uh you teased it you're i
[__] you're the worst and you don't
mean to be you're being the worst right
now you have no idea how annoying you're
being right now jeff doesn't remember
the instructions that i'm not allowed to
know he's ridiculous he's infuriating i
love you jeff but you're infuriating
i mean in fairness there's nothing more
forgettable than the episode recorded
between the one you're in the middle of
making and the one that just came out
like i couldn't tell you what discussed
a week ago no clue that's why i asked if
we covered it because i was listening to
the episode and i thought jingle jingle
jingle do i know what that is and i
thought we must have dealt with it no i
thought [__] i better ask the guys
because i uh my old ass forgot so if you
had told me yeah we covered that in
episode 90 idiot i would have been like
oh i'll wait till it comes out and
listen to it we have not but you know
what we have we have gotten a lot of and
i want to hear
when you hear your two two opinions on
this since the field research has been
done getting a lot of successful reports
back on the hot cake happy meal hack any
any opinions changed any reversive
thoughts you're both against it i'm
seeing a lot of reports of it working
it's beyond just my store oh
is that what the jingle jingle jingle is
no has nothing to do with that
completely unrelated
refresh my memory no opinion you guys
were both very strongly this isn't a
hack this is [__] the research has
come out i've seen a bunch of people
report that they've gotten three hot
cakes with their happy meal
unfortunately appears to be more of a
canadian thing than it is in america
doesn't seem like many american
locations have it all right let me ask
you this i'll answer your i'll answer
your question with a question thank you
i appreciate that how kind of you so
you're buying i'm gonna make sure i get
this straight you're buying pancakes
from mcdonald's and you're getting an
extra one and you think it's this
amazing hack right yes don't you have 70
pounds of pancake mix in your house let
me counter this for you okay this is a
really you're absolutely correct i do
i'm not saying
that this is for me the most cost
effective thing like obviously i'm
taking a luxury and i'm ordering a thing
i could technically make myself one
pancakes at mcdonald's taste differently
than the ones i make i really enjoy the
taste of the mcdonald's hotcakes two
it's a cheaper way to get a thing i
enjoy and it's a small luxury
i feel for myself every week i'm not the
best at eating breakfast i forget a lot
of the time to just eat it's a meal i
don't always have but i've made it a
tradition that on a recording day i get
to treat myself in the morning and i at
least have a breakfast going into it
what if you take two of the mcdonald's
ones and make the third one yourself
like like get there to what if you
donate your pancake mix to mcdonald's
and then they can make your pancakes for
you oh and then when you get the pancake
back you'll know that maybe some of it
came from you i've been looking at
donating most of my pancake mix but
unfortunately with kovid and stuff
there's not a lot of places that are
taking it to mexicans
[Music]
eric said i don't think mcdonald's wants
anything from andre i think that's
correct i think it's a factual statement
outside of outside of one particular set
of items from them i i think if the if
the world ends if there's big like big
fat nuclear winter
you're gonna have the the weirdest
collection of stuff you're gonna be
a bottle cap millionaire just from
people hear about the guy who's got the
pancakes and the sauces it's like not
something you'd expect from a regular
abode this is what i'm gonna say to that
though okay let's say nuclear winter
happens right i'd rather have the group
of people that are coming into my house
they're they're coming after if if they
if there's like a takeover scenario
people like whatever i'd rather have the
pancake people than all the horny
jerk-off people that you will have with
your [__] car batteries
you are in the jack off capitol in
austin
i want to get electrocuted and jack off
at the same time
we gotta see the battery beat off dude
the battery beater
that's an excellent point andrew this is
gonna eat on this fridge i don't mind i
can make i can share the pancakes we
wanted to do a pancake bath at some
point but i think that's a terrible idea
i guess i talked about mixing it right
when i had my pancake maker in the
bathroom yeah what if we lit a fire
under the tub could you just make a big
pancake
would it cook through i don't i don't
know how that you'd have to like balance
it right so it's not melting the tub
there's probably a certain distance you
could have where the music flow we could
put you in a tub with pancake mix cook
it up and you have to eat your way out
no
yeah i don't think that would work i
feel like well i think it would burn me
right uh we'd like we'd stir it
that's that
what if we put you in a fire retardant
suit okay if we did that then yeah i'd
absolutely be completely fine with this
premise but it can't be i think it needs
to be larger it needs to be you know
like in a movie like in creep show when
[__] ted danson gets buried up to his
neck and sand like it needs to be that
but pancake but you need to have your
head underneath because you gotta eat
out no
my head isn't gonna be underneath the
pancake we need you basically in a tub
with a snorlax oh yeah and then as as it
sets we rip the snorkel out and you have
to scuff your way out no this is not the
[__] worst david blaine stunt of all
time give me air allow me to breathe and
i was coming down the snorkel i don't
want a snorkel why can't i just have my
head exposed and start slowly eating
away from just my neck area down loosen
it up then i get an arm free what are
you not a snorkel guy i'm not a snorkel
guy i've never been a snorkel guy i'm
bad at the snorkel i've tried it once i
wasn't good at it don't trust it is it
just the act of breathing underwater you
don't like just knowing that your head
is underwater yeah it's not a thing i
regularly do
and i think i tried it once as a kid and
it went horribly wrong and i just didn't
do it again let me let me posit this
then uh maybe it's time for snorkel
redemption and uh
pancake snorkeling i think
sounds like the perfect vehicle this is
the other 2022 the pancake snorkel
redemption i love it i don't trust being
blinded essentially and unable to move
with the two of you [__] of being in
the area and just being able to do
whatever you want i don't want i we've
talked about i've let jeff bury me in a
coffin once i did this
andrew we nailed it down and then we
covered it in dirt
what's in there what does that mean what
does that mean how far down was he how
much dirt did he have uh not that far
not that much but that's not exactly no
[__] exactly you just laid down in a
bed and they poured a pebble over you
and you're like [__] i had an air
hole had an air pipe and there was a big
like digger putting mud on me okay how
about if you [__] have the ryan
reynolds buried experience you get
buried like six feet all you get is a
lighter and a phone then i'll do pancake
thing no problem well does that mean we
can put you six feet under pancake
because we're talking inches here man
yeah it's got to equate i would go six
feet under pancake okay can i get any
condiments any any any topping any sides
with this do i get like some syrup yeah
we'll give you like we'll give you like
a bag full of little butter pat since an
individual bag of syrup that you can rip
open
am i allowed to use it as lubrication to
try to squeeze out of the pancake yes
okay well this is it's you eat how you
eat andrew i'm not going to get in i
don't i don't just like you of eating
pancake with a shovel like having that
much that you need to like dig up i like
the idea of using syrup as loop it's not
the only idea that your body is the
cereal is the syrup syrup
syrup xm i feel like i'd get all
slippery if i covered myself with syrup
but i think there's a window i think
you're right it eventually hardens and
then would become an issue but i think
there'd be a brief window in which i'd
be all slippery
[Applause]
when you use the bathroom you always
close the door behind you right you
don't want random passerbys looking in
on you so why would you let people look
in on you when you go online using the
internet without expressvpn is like
going to the bathroom and not closing
the door did you know that your internet
service provider knows every single
website you visit and what's worse is
they can sell this information to ad
companies and tech giants who'll use
their data to target you expressvpn puts
a stop to this it creates a secure
encrypted tunnel between your device and
the internet so that your online
activity can't be seen by anyone i use
expressvpn on all my devices it works on
everything phones laptops even routers
so everyone who shares your wi-fi can
still be protected even if they don't
have expressvpn it's very easy to use
and privacy is important to me and the
best part is using expressvpn is as easy
as closing the bathroom door you just
fire up the app click one button and
you're protected expressvpn is the
world's number one rated vpn by mashable
the verge and countless others
so if you're like me and believe your
online activity is your business secure
yourself by visiting
expressvpn.com slash face today
use my exclusive link e x p r e s s vpn
dot com slash face
and you can get an extra three months
free
that's
expressvpn.com face
this podcast is sponsored by better help
online therapy relationships take work a
lot of us will drop anything to go help
someone we care about we'll go out of
our way to treat other people well but
how often do we give ourselves the same
treatment this is something that i have
absolutely struggled with in my life and
still have issues with it at times
i found therapy to be very helpful in
dealing with it as well as some forms of
self-care that i've worked out in kind
of the last few years but this month
betterhelp online therapy wants to
remind you to take care of your most
important relationship the one you have
with yourself others hitting the gym
making time for your haircut or even
trying therapy you are your greatest
asset so invest the time and effort into
yourself like you do for other people
if you're somebody who is considering
therapy but just haven't pushed forward
with it maybe because it can be scary i
know i was certainly scared the first
time i started therapy or
uh worried about the stigma that could
be attached with it i
i suggest you please attempt it it's
something that i found to be incredibly
helpful
and i hope it would be helpful for you
as well better help is online therapy
that offers video phone and even live
chat sessions with your therapist so you
don't have to see anyone on camera if
you don't want to
it's much more affordable than in-person
therapy and you can be matched with a
therapist in under 48 hours give it a
try and see why over 2 million people
have used better help online therapy
this podcast is sponsored by better help
and face listeners get 10 off their
first month at betterhelp.com
face
that's b e t t e r h e l p
dot com slash face
i found out something recently andrew
about yeah about where you live is this
about like the maple syrup reserves or
something i'm assuming vancouver has
banned doorknobs starting march 2014 all
new buildings erupt in the city will
have to include lever handles on their
doors rather than around and not thanks
to not only
do a lot of the comet leavers agree with
me on the doorknob front the entirety of
vancouver knobs are illegal on new
builds in vancouver since 2014.
did you have any idea of this no
weird
they're trying to andrew they're trying
to take your doorknob freedom i'm okay
with that as i said i'm kind of
indifferent to the
i don't really i'm trying to think of
like the last time i encountered a
doorknob in the wild i don't think it's
it's been a while it's clearly not been
since 2013. that makes no sense i guess
they won what a weird what a weird thing
to outlaw people without functioning
hands to be able to use doors it makes
total sense that doesn't make sense that
does make sense i was gonna say why like
what would be the the thing that would
lead to that level of of wanting it
changed like who would bring that to the
floor to get that approved but that that
makes sense yeah now that you mentioned
that that part yeah that is a fun fact
gavin it is illegal so what do you think
there's somebody who's rebellious that's
like i'm gonna put a [__] doorknob
i'm doing it
do you think you can go to the local
home depot in vancouver and be like yeah
i'd like to buy one of these doorknobs
and the guy's like i can sell to you but
i have to let you know you can't install
it
i don't think they're even on the
shelves i bet he takes you around the
back of the store yeah and there's like
there's like a rag over a load of boxes
of door knobs i was gonna say if you
wanted a door knob you can only buy them
through the hot dog guy in front of the
store that's the only place
it's technically within the grounds of
the building but they're not associated
with it it's a backdoor deal do you have
hot dog guys in the front of your home
depot too absolutely yeah it's it's a
great staple it's a staple of home depot
that must be like ev every home depot
must have a hot dog guy in front of them
or a taco guy in texas it's not every
home depot but a lot of them do and they
have different agreements depending on
the store so they're typically not hired
by the store but it was an idea that
essentially and it's sort of up to
debate who is the first person to do it
but the common thread was uh like a
place where people could buy a snack
while getting a product i watched the
whole thing about hot dogs and home
depot and that thing but i don't
remember
a lot of the details on it it was yeah
it's just funny that like it's awesome
too because they're very territorial
because there are some lows that do the
same thing and there's like a real
rivalry between the lowe's hot dog
people and the home depot hot dog people
they're like no we don't [__] around
with lois are you a home depot or a
lowe's person i don't think i have
lowe's in canada there's at least not
one where i live i don't think you know
what's weird is to like because of covid
i've i've remained in my space so as
much as possible for like three years
now so i don't necessarily know what
buildings are in different parts of the
city i just haven't visited i was uh
looking at a japanese restaurant that's
my favorite in the city and i was just
scrolling through google images of it
and uh i was like ah this idiot took a
photo of the wrong restaurant what a
what a ridiculous thing that is and then
i realized it was the right restaurant
they just remodeled and i haven't been
there in like three years because of
coven so it's wild so if we do have lows
i'm not aware of it but i guess it's
possible that it exists hey it's weird
to live in go ahead no go ahead before
it's weird to live in what i was going
to say it's weird to live in a small
town and not feel like you know all the
main stores to it that's been a strange
byproduct of code that was weird jeff
simultaneously let you continue but also
like started telling his [__] at the
same time
did i
you were like before no go ahead before
i'm all discombobulated why is that why
are you oh i'm just i'm just [__] all
loopy from cold medicine [__] oh yeah
and [__] being sequestered
quarantined whatever uh i have three
little things i'd like to talk about
before we end but if i i don't know what
else you guys want to cover we're only
halfway through yeah if not feel free
i'd love to hear your things i saw a uh
this is just a comment i saw on the site
i believe i was looking uh for the last
episode uh someone named mr steele
crayon said we should make baseball bats
that have door handles instead of knobs
and sell them
which you know
i gotta say
i think he's on to something there i
mean that'd probably do better than the
skateboard i was yeah i was gonna try to
build one for the recording of this
episode but i got distracted i will uh
we could sell them in vancouver we could
only sell them in vancouver
and technically we shouldn't have been
sending those baseball bats to vancouver
jesus christ we were sending illegal
knobs
it gonna be yeah functional door handle
like is it gonna actually be able to
turn i think i would assume so i hope
big
i hope big handle doesn't get uh doesn't
uh hear about us and crush us with the
door handle lobby uh i'd be okay as long
as we firmly align with big knob i'm not
scared of being handled as long as we
are close to big knob as long as we're
close to big mouth yeah the other thing
is real fast uh so the other day i
haven't opened it up yet uh but i know
they're there uh i was gonna wait till
i'm covered free but uh the other day uh
a box of
[__] wrist pockets showed up at my
house oh my god we made them yeah i
gotta remember
i gotta
here's the problem somebody's gotta tell
them i i don't know that i'm always
serious when i say we we should make
this stuff we have meetings and in more
than one meeting you're adamant about
making these this isn't a one-on-one
yes yes there are and there are slacks
there are messages to one another
okay i was gonna i'll i would let it
slide i would i would have let it slide
if you didn't just try to absolve
yourself of responsibility for this why
does somebody stop me sometimes like i
don't touch
did we talk about this several times in
those meetings like i feel like this has
been discussed three or four meetings at
this point which is quite a while you
volunteered to like sign them that's my
question
i remember being mad at eric and you for
trying to gaslight me because i was
supposed to do something with them that
i didn't agree to but obviously they're
at my house so what am i supposed to do
with them cause i'm gonna do it
i just don't know what to do that's why
i bring it up aren't you supposed to
write like wrist pocket or whatever and
then like sign it or like number it
i don't know if you have these ideas
what do you want me to do no no hang on
hang on hang on what would you like me
to do in the future jeff okay here's
what i want you to do okay just just
remember what it was i was supposed to
do with them i'm happy to do it well i'm
not happy to do it but i'm willing to do
it i just don't remember what it is i
like how i'm supposed to manipulate
these stupid things eric you're getting
a nice glimpse as to what it was like to
build stuff in minecraft with jeff
based on his notes while he was an
alcoholic
in minecraft at 50 trying to figure out
what like double block
upside down means and try to make a game
out of it
i just i just don't remember how i'm
supposed to manipulate these stupid
things and i want to do it faithfully
and properly they don't say anything on
them right they're just the pockets are
they blank uh i think they have the
uniform logo on them okay yeah so you're
supposed to write the wrist pockets rock
or whatever yeah yeah whatever you wrote
on your original thing that you cut out
from your [__] jeans and just taped
to your wrist oh which i which i still
have it's taped to my to my monitor
yeah when you get 30 in and you start
getting lost uh just look back at that
original that's hanging from your
monitor okay gal
i got it right here and then i guess you
could sign it or number them you can do
whatever you like
numbering sounds appropriate yeah i mean
that sounds good i mean either way
you're writing all over them so you do
whatever you want i suppose um yeah i
mean this is see here's the thing here's
the thing you're saying like oh what am
i supposed to oh how do i get into this
whatever the thing that we haven't done
yet that you keep talking about is
hitting all these [__] baseballs
like well yeah because uh
well i don't know why we haven't done
that yet
i'm ready to go i got like as soon as
i'm done with quarantine i'm ready to go
jeff booker jeff [__] you were
supposed to throw a baseball 80 miles an
hour and now you're saying why haven't i
hit one thousand possibles yet
well i think they only ordered 300 so i
only have to hit 300. you're not going
to hit half of them well if i get a 50
percent contact ratio that's that's got
to at least be like a a 300 batting
average i'm i'm in i'm like a young tony
gwynn
all right we'll schedule a day we'll
schedule a day we i have there's a field
there's a field we can use we'll hit it
into the back stop we'll toss them up
you can hit them with do you still want
to dip a bat in oil or whatever you were
talking yeah and paint and paint so that
we can sign them yeah
great yeah for sure yeah that's cool
that's not gonna get paint's not gonna
go everywhere this will be good oh i
assume it probably will but we'll have
gavin film it i know the world doesn't
work this way but i want the you know
how like you have a nerf gun or like a
water gun how you have to like pump it
to increase the force on it i want a bat
where you have to twist the doorknob at
the bottom to increase velocity i just
want to see you like twisting the knob
but it's like gotta pump it up pellegon
will have numbers on it let's go the way
around to 11 on the on the bottom
yeah there's like a psi type gauge
i should only hit
the balls with the hand
with the handle bat
i'll have to build the handlebat
prototype and then we can only hit the
balls with that
oh man that was the oh the one other
thing i wanted to talk about is uh is
this i've been in this in well here are
you guys familiar with this liquid death
scene the big game using witchcraft
should i be watching this liquid death
which is like a water company has uh
enlisted the help as a marketing
campaign enlisted the help of a uh
magician or uh i don't know a bruja or
wizard or somebody to use magic to
determine and influence the outcome of
the super bowl i will say from my
experience it was not helpful
not the magic are you guys done with
magic oh well i think in like a week
there will be it'll be announced who the
offensive rookie of the year is a week
for us it will probably be out by the
time you hear this uh yeah i'm assuming
but we'll find that out and from my
understanding the list included
jeff's rookie and gavin's rookie but not
my rookie didn't even make the cut so
i'm a cool question
unfortunately
justin fields
no matter
what witchcraft or wizardry i threw at
justin fields nothing could overcome the
dark forces of matt nagy uh which held
us back but i'm hoping for one of you
two what kind of spells were you doing
uh all sorts of i i'm it's not that's
beyond my understanding i just had i
don't know i think the problem is you
were you were soliciting help from
people i just did the actual spells and
incantations myself that might be the
thing i need to change the only person i
don't want to win is gavin yeah
because you did nothing
you did nothing and you made fun of it
the entire process of doing it it would
be the most
you think i'm just putting up and it's a
it's not it's a shame because i like
their water i do think it's actually
pretty good but uh i'm just putting up
uh just throwing out there that uh
if we're gonna use magic again in the
future to influence the outcome of
anything which i think we should because
i think we still have our wizards versus
magic idea for basketball and i do think
that there's more room to grow in the
using magic to influence sporting events
angle i think we kind of lost lost the
threat a little bit as we got distracted
by other things on the podcast
uh i would like to revisit it sometime
but i would also like to to raise the
idea that if we're going to use magic to
influence anything maybe it should be to
get revenge on liquid death
like use magic to combat their magic to
yeah to like get i don't know what to
figure it out maybe hex them i was
looking at the super bowl halftime prop
bets for this year i'd like to throw
some magic at that i'm really i'm trying
to i've been spending the last day
trying to decide what color of gatorade
the winning coach is gonna get dumped
over him it's two to one odds on orange
just a favorite but it's it's a tough
hey if you
i know you're probably doing your prop
bets from your phone but i'm gonna be in
vegas for the super bowl uh so if you
want me to play something oh that's
physically while i'm there i'll be happy
let me know what they have i'd love to
hear yeah it's probably a more extensive
because it's like i'm gonna once again i
think the greatest win i've ever had in
my career of gambling it's so dumb to
call it a career i don't know why i said
that but the jlo
picking what song jayla would open with
when she was at the super bowl because
that leaked all-time win the excitement
of hearing jenny from the block so i'm
hoping to recreate that great halftime
show this year very excited very excited
as well yeah let me know uh i mean th
this will come out uh this will already
soon yeah it'll all be done okay so yeah
i'm staying at the wind so i'll be at
the sports book in the win uh watching
the super bowl so i'll send you photos
of all the prophets thank you
very very fun because the main one i
gotta pick is like who will sing first
which i don't know i don't know who will
perform first over unders on the anthem
who will the mvp mention first just a
bunch of ridiculous ones but i'd love i
bet you this actual sports book has
way more dumb options to pick from
absolutely okay that was my things i
have one thing it's
a very uneventful week for me aside from
something happened that i feel like
i'm almost confident in saying that this
has never happened to anyone else on
earth
okay there's some pictures some pictures
coming out oh i'm very excited so i was
putting some stuff on my wall it's
putting some controllers up because i
feel like i've got some nice uh yeah
those are pretty jeremy does this too
he's got like some nice limited edition
controllers that aren't necessarily in
use because they're not elites or
whatever so display them on the wall and
then i was wearing some sweatpants that
have
these little
toggle things that cover the end of you
know that cover like the plastic bit
yeah a little plastic cap for the end of
your sweatpants wearing these sweatpants
putting these things on the wall smee
was like swatting at the strings and uh
i guess at some point he knocked one of
them off and down here you can see they
look very similar to like the drywall
anchors oh my god so i posted one of
those into my wall i'm not sure anyone
ever has ever done that do you think
anyone
has accidentally pushed the cover from
their sweatpants
into a hole they drilled in their own
wall because i and he looked at smee
looked at me after i did this after i
realized that it went straight in
instead of you know stopping in the war
it just went and i heard it just rattled
down and fall into the floor of the war
and then he just looked at me like he
meant to do it that's probably why you
lost
at that power i just thought has that
has that ever happened no you're the
only person
like no one would come up with that
would they how old is earth hold on
of all the things in the in the correct
order to happen they look similar
they're the similar size
0.543 billion years
you are the only person
to have done that i would i would bet my
life on it
i i wish i was just filming the my own
face just in the realization of just
like
i'm really loving these little peaks
into your your home life lately it's
been highly entertaining it's just
nothing normal ever happens i i want a
normal experience
for once i i'm trying to get more into
diy and it's a disaster and it's not
like i'm being lazy or i just can't this
weird [__] keeps happening the unknown
it's never in the instructions
oh
yeah i guess there's probably not a
thing in your your door your doorknob
for explosions i bet that wasn't a
covered section no what else i mean is
there anything or those the two main
things i mean am i missing anything of
like diy gone wrong for you recently
trying to remember uh cause you had the
the wasp nest in your fan but that
wasn't really your fault or like a
design thing by you well he blew up his
door handle he smashed snatched his
remote in half he didn't vacuum for a
year and a half till we made him do it
on camera uh
well i back in the carpet i just didn't
vacuum the little there was the the
sideboard the cucumber incident
he threw he threw a route 44 across his
house trying to repaint those are great
those are highlights those are great
things that happened in the house
what's the most ambitious diy project
you've taken on is this it you'd say
yeah it's pretty simple stuff i've done
some like wiring i drop [__] in my walls
a lot i'll be honest i'm not used to
having like big hollow walls with
nothing in between that i had this this
uh
thing that you could tie around the end
of a wire it was like a magnet on the
outside of the wall you have like a
magnetic roller so you roll it up the
wall and it sort of drags
wires up or down on the inside of your
walls
but i guess i was just unaware of where
other wires are on the wall like to an
outlet there's wires going down the wall
and then like coming out sideways and i
ended up tangling this freaking magnet
thing and to the point where there's
still one inside my wall and i just
sealed the hole up because i couldn't
get it out it's like there's a in one of
my walls there's a load of string with a
magnet on the end wrapped around the
wire that feeds the outlet by that
and it's just going to be in there
forever like the the the next house is
he's going to find a lot of weird [__]
in the walls i think
based on how it's gone so far
it's like all those old american houses
with like loose razor blades in the in
the bathroom walls oh yeah oh no
that sounds terrible you don't know
about that andrew no i've never heard of
that yeah and bat in old bathrooms they
used to do that in an old medicine
cabinet sometimes there'd be like a
little razor thing where you just like
pop your razor and just go into the wall
forever
what short-sighted thing ever it's like
it was like a staple inside of medicine
cabinets there would just be a little
slit for you to just
throw [__] away inside your wall back in
the old days though i think like this is
that that [__] was probably made like in
the 1930s 1940s i think razer blades
lasted a whole lot longer back then they
were made to to be more durable so you
probably weren't popping one a week in
there it was probably more like one
every six months or something oh i
thought it was like a weekly thing no
razor blades are that that's it's it's
one of those scams like light bulbs
where razor blades are made to
deteriorate and suck so that they so
that they're infinitely replaceable so
they can sell it to you forever but you
can make a razor blade the last damn
near forever i want to know the history
of that though because what is it just
no you're not gonna look it up on google
they got it they got it all anything you
want to know the history on google got
it do they yeah i just wanted like what
was the conversation of did somebody say
well then where did this go and then
just like i don't know but who cares
yeah there you go slot razor blade slot
because they're sharp and dangerous and
you don't want to throw them in a trash
can and then pick it up and get you cut
yourself oh that's [__] there's
another photo of is this the remains of
yeah that's what happens if you cut open
like a certain aged american home
i really like the idea of of like a
generation of people having their pile
exists like this is great grandpappy's
razor it's like when the people like
core the ice and you can this is yeah
six million years old that's like well
that's all granddad's racist so
in the 1930s the worst wall to get
thrown through would be a bathroom wall
if you're gonna go through a wall
that would be the worst one that scene
in the matrix
[Laughter]
cut them up i would i'd be so pissed if
i got thrown through a wall and landed
on a razor pile
if i was fighting somebody let's say i'm
in a fight to the death right i'm having
a full-on brawl with somebody in a
bathroom if i threw them through the
wall and they got they landed on a razor
pile i would call a timeout on their
behalf because that's just unacceptable
i would feel so bad that would end the
fight
gotta call it a doctor
i'd throw in the bathroom towel just to
end it immediately this cannot didn't
you did you ever live in a house jeff
that had one of those i assume so yeah i
mean i i
i wanna say maybe the old house that we
lived in together in the downstairs
bathroom might have had it but i i can't
remember specifically but i mean it's
something that like the second you
mentioned it's so commonplace in my head
i feel like i see it all the time
i would i would go so far to say any
house that's 80 years old or older
probably that hasn't been completely
renovated probably has one of these you
might be living in a home uh you dear
regulation listener uh or comment leaver
uh you might be living in a home right
now with a uh a hidden cache of razer
blades that you have no idea about go
check out your bathroom and look at it
with a critical eye back when i had a
yard i used to think about what is the
coolest thing buried in that yard that i
just have no ideas there if there's
anything like if i were to dig up the
entire yard how far would i have to go
before i found something and what what
would that be are you just talking
straight down like i'm talking straight
down on my if i just got a shovel and
was like i'm gonna spend the next 15
years whatever i feel like it's just
digging holes in my backyard i mean
what's the coolest likely than not
you'll probably find nothing right i'd
assume south no
possibility my backyard is full of [__]
really huh yeah like i don't know who
the [__] were that lived in
this house 40 years ago but they were
straight up burying trash in the
backyard huh
have you what's the coolest thing you
found nothing cool nothing cool at all
but like digging to [__] like put a
flower bed in or something you're like
why is there half a milk jug buried
like what the [__] and i'm constantly
picking up like i think they were kind
of like austin has this uh this eclectic
vibe andrew uh it's maybe not as
prevalent as it was as the with the
influx of uh money and tech bros and
stuff but austin used to pride itself on
like every you know everybody's backyard
was like full of christmas lights 24
hours a day or 365 days a year and you
would have like these little weird
gardens of like found [__] and like a
lot of old wrought iron rusting it's all
cute there's like coffee shops like
spider house which is closed now but
kind of pride themselves on it it's like
it's weird it's like being in a salvage
yard that's a coffee shop i didn't know
it closed yeah it did the the the place
next door to it that they operate is
still open the ballroom but the coffee
shops closed real sad so
the people there were definitely some
like hippie-ish people who lived in my
yard my house at some point who would
just bury like you know those like glass
rod like anything they had they were
like throw it in the backyard and it
will make it it'll be a thing like i i
was cleaning up in the extreme back of
my yard i was just cleaning up piles of
leaves and i like i touched on something
that was like hard so i dug it out and
it was like a ceramic tile and i thought
what a weird thing to be in the ground
and then i noticed there was it was
budding up next to another one and i
pulled up 25 ceramic tiles somebody just
laid them in a pattern and said like hey
it's a back deck now i put 25 ceramic
tiles on top of the ground yeah it's a
deck and then eventually uh dirt and
ground cover that's it
my backyard is full of that [__] i'll
just be like i'll kick the ground and
it'll hurt and i'll be like what the
[__] and i'll dig out a brick like no no
middle of the yard maybe if we go to
your yard to dig the bean hole we'll
find some really cool [__] can we make a
[__] bean hole fine let's finally do
it let's figure out like fine
2022 is the the year of the bean hole
what's this idea predates face all
together do you want to explain it jeff
yeah uh i got really into bean holes a
couple years [__] over a decade ago at
this point because i read an article in
the new york times about it and what it
is andrew is it was started by loggers
up in the northeast like in the main
vermont area what they would do is they
had to feed all the loggers
and they were moving campsites like
every two days going further and further
up into the extreme north and so the
chef the cook would have to travel ahead
of them and prepare food and have the
food ready for them when they got there
so they developed this ingenious idea
where they would dig a hole in the
ground right and then they would take a
big ass like cast iron pot and they
would fill it with beans and then like a
ham hock and tomatoes and onions and
just everything you would want like some
yummy ass baked beans right this crazy
recipe and then they would close it up
right put the top on the on the big cast
iron stick it in the hole about four
feet in the ground maybe and then they
would burn a bunch of wood and then they
would get all the hot uh essentially the
hot coals and they would cover the bean
hole or they would cover the the the
cast iron bean container with all these
hot embers right and then they would
stick like a piece of plywood over that
and then cover it with like a foot of
dirt and then
48 hours later when the lagers would
come up they would knock off the dirt
pick up the thing pull out the bean hole
and they would have the greatest tasting
beans on earth in this giant pot that
they could all eat communally for like
two days and then uh at that point then
the chef would go up two days further
and then make another bean hole and so
uh every from everything that i've read
uh in my extensive bean hole research
there is nothing on earth like bean
whole beans there is nothing on earth
like 48 hour prepared bean hole beans
and when i was in the army and we fought
forest fires in montana one of the
things that they did was they would give
us these these solar lunch bags that
would have like a burrito in it and it
would be wrapped in in uh like tin foil
and the instructions were to find some
hot ash on the ground that had burned
and then kick a hole stick it in and
then cover it with the ashes and come
back in like 20 minutes you'd have a
cooked burrito and ever since then i
thought that was the coolest idea uh
just microwave yeah microwave so when i
discovered the bean hole i've been i've
been obsessed with the idea of making a
bean hole forever and we've been talking
about it forever and i really want to do
it i just haven't done it yeah you
absolutely need to do that i explained
this whole thing to eric
barr recently oh dude really yeah i
would like to think that the inventor of
the bean hole also invented the razer
blade slot like the concept of like this
is his follow-up like he brought on
shark tank let me everybody knows the
success i've had with the razer blade
slot i got the newest innovation okay
we're not done putting things in a hole
and then just forgetting about them for
a while
this is the bean hole you will never
have beans better than when you put them
in a hole do yourself a favor and after
this episode's over at some point
throughout the course of your day when
you're not watching the real housewives
of salt lake city which you absolutely
should be doing but i know you're not
gonna do oh you [__] pretzeled me so
hard with the real housewives i'm just
telling you i just i
don't do me the don't give me the
pleasantries of maybe i'll check it out
someday [__] just be honest and tell
me you're never going to watch no i that
i recommend because i just that i want
to anyway i don't know what to do while
you're not watching the real housewives
of salt lake city what i would like you
to do at some point is watch out any
video on bean holes i will it'll blow
your [__] mind there's a there's a
ton of good ones should we do it this
month no it's too cold it'd be like
summer again by the end of the week well
eric says june let's plan for march
march is good bean whole month i have
another update another small update that
i want to say um a lot of people telling
me i'm an idiot for putting the
fingerprint door handle i could have
just turned my door handle upside down
my door handles already work both ways
i'm not sure if that's a variation but i
can turn my handles up to open the door
as well so i'm not flipping upside down
i don't think would do anything money
bags over here with the ambidextrous
door handles look at you high class i
mean they're on the doors already when i
moved but sure very
very very very subtle brag gavin but we
all got
[Laughter]
looking that's the [__] guy over here
which ways do your doors go just one i
have knobs baby knobs everywhere uh my
front door is a push down with my thumb
my other final update is the um
jeff what's the name of the dwarf in
lord of the rings gimli
[Laughter]
right gimli yeah andrew what did you
think listen
listen okay
i
first of all i got it wrong second of
all i'm trying to crawl to my door to
see if my door handle twists both ways i
thought it was grimly i've spent my
whole life thinking the dwarf from lord
of the rings it's called grimly that's a
cool name i just like the idea of gimbly
son of gloin being grimly
ah this [__] door does if you let me
slide to the other part of my room we're
going on going on a little adventure be
careful you could hurt you please don't
hurt yourself no i'm just dragging
everything oh
that's all over okay all right we're not
gonna end it while andrew's crawling
across this room holy [__] i think my
door needs resolution my doors go both
ways i wasn't gonna say anything about
this but [__] it i'm gonna tease it
because it's gonna it'll annoy you guys
i uh i was thinking about both of your
lives recently and about their
particular frustrations that you you
deal with on a day-to-day basis
yeah and i felt bad about it and i
thought as a good friend i should i'm
gonna think about your problems and i'm
gonna figure out ways to solve them and
then i went out and i did that and i
bought a couple i bought some stuff for
you guys that i think is gonna help help
make your your lives easier a little bit
and so gavin i have yours in my i'm
looking at it but i can't give it to you
yet because andrews doesn't arrive until
i believe february 16th so on february
16th i'm gonna drive your gift over to
you and then you guys can have them on
the same day and then we can talk about
on the podcast but i want to let you
guys know uh help is coming on february
16th your lives will get a little bit
easier both of you interesting it's so
funny you say this i did you know that
amazon doesn't sell dildos anymore i'm
assuming they stopped
relatively recently
because i was going to do the same for
you jeff because you you've been you had
coven and you've been quarantining yeah
as a good friend i should send you a box
of goodies just to make it through to
have a good time with but they don't
they stop they they don't sell dildos on
amazon.com couldn't find one well that's
a shame that is a shame it was in
reference to you jeff once mailed me a
capture card for like work stuff yeah
yeah like a work order like i'm a good
friend yeah nice guy and you were gonna
mail me a dildo but decided against it
at the last minute as a joke so i was
gonna send you a dildo but i couldn't
find one on amazon if you send it to me
if you find a dildo and send it to me i
will put a handle on it
another episode of the hanky danke bob
vela uh old man podcast uh we really
appreciate it like and subscribe is that
a thing i don't know we do have a
youtube channel though uh but we also
have a podcast and that's what you're
listening to and that's what this was
and now it's over bye
hey guys minor league fan jack here with
a look at next week's episode of face
that question is two bread andrew pulled
an all-nighter gavin's eyes are messed
up the boys are up early jeff talks
about hitting baseballs bananas can save
your life and once again andrew does not
eat the pencil all that and more on next
week's episode of face